c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\CodeCakeBuilder.exe.config
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\CodeCakeBuilder.exe
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\CodeCakeBuilder.pdb
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Cake.Common.dll
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Cake.Core.dll
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Code.Cake.dll
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Cake.Common.pdb
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Cake.Common.xml
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Cake.Core.pdb
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Cake.Core.xml
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Code.Cake.pdb
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\Code.Cake.xml
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\obj\Debug\CodeCakeBuilder.exe
c:\users\joris\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\obj\Debug\CodeCakeBuilder.pdb
C:\Users\Joris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\amd64\git2-e0902fb.dll
C:\Users\Joris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\NativeBinaries\x86\git2-e0902fb.dll
C:\Users\Joris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\SimpleGitVersion.Cake.dll
C:\Users\Joris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\SimpleGitVersion.Core.dll
C:\Users\Joris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\SimpleGitVersion.Cake.xml
C:\Users\Joris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\SimpleGitVersion.Core.pdb
C:\Users\Joris\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Cake\CodeCakeBuilder\bin\Debug\SimpleGitVersion.Core.xml
